README.md, before:

# Bee Motion


## **Visit our** [Discord](tinyurl.com/Bee-Motion-Discord-Git)
## **Buy on** [Tindie](https://www.tindie.com/products/smartbee/bee-motion-esp32-pir-motion-sensor/)

Video Overview
[<img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/eUtSaV774to/maxresdefault.jpg" width="100%">](https://youtu.be/eUtSaV774to)
![alt text](https://github.com/strid3r21/Bee-Motion/blob/main/Bee-Motion-Info-Card.png?raw=true)

**On Battery the Bee Motion Uses about 80mAH while on WiFi**
![alt text](https://github.com/strid3r21/Bee-Motion/blob/main/Battery%20Info/Bee%20Motion%20Awake%20Bat.jpg?raw=true)

**During Deepsleep it uses about 45uA!**
![alt text](https://github.com/strid3r21/Bee-Motion/blob/main/Battery%20Info/Bee%20Motion%20Deep%20Sleep%20Bat.jpg?raw=true)

**For sake of an example, if paired with a 1500mAh LiPo battery and triggered 20x a day with Wifi it would last for over a year!**
![alt text](https://github.com/strid3r21/Bee-Motion/blob/main/Battery%20Info/Bee%20Motion%20Battery.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

added how to program info

README.md, after:

# Bee Motion


## **Visit our** [Discord](tinyurl.com/Bee-Motion-Discord-Git)
## **Buy on** [Tindie](https://www.tindie.com/products/smartbee/bee-motion-esp32-pir-motion-sensor/)

Video Overview
[<img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/eUtSaV774to/maxresdefault.jpg" width="100%">](https://youtu.be/eUtSaV774to)

Pinouts
![alt text](https://github.com/strid3r21/Bee-Motion/blob/main/Bee-Motion-Info-Card.png?raw=true)

## How to program the Bee Motion
In order to program the Bee Motion you need to put it into download mode. To do so all you need to do is connect the USB-C cable and then press and hold the boot button. with the boot button being held down, press the reset button and release. then you can release the boot button. this will put the Bee Motion into download mode which will allow it to be programmed.

**On Battery the Bee Motion Uses about 80mAH while on WiFi**
![alt text](https://github.com/strid3r21/Bee-Motion/blob/main/Battery%20Info/Bee%20Motion%20Awake%20Bat.jpg?raw=true)

**During Deepsleep it uses about 45uA!**
![alt text](https://github.com/strid3r21/Bee-Motion/blob/main/Battery%20Info/Bee%20Motion%20Deep%20Sleep%20Bat.jpg?raw=true)

**For sake of an example, if paired with a 1500mAh LiPo battery and triggered 20x a day with Wifi it would last for over a year!**
![alt text](https://github.com/strid3r21/Bee-Motion/blob/main/Battery%20Info/Bee%20Motion%20Battery.png?raw=true)
